README.md, before:

# ZIO Memcached

| Project Stage | CI | Release | Snapshot | Discord |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Project stage][Stage]][Stage-Page] | ![CI][Badge-CI] | [![Release Artifacts][Badge-SonatypeReleases]][Link-SonatypeReleases] | [![Snapshot Artifacts][Badge-SonatypeSnapshots]][Link-SonatypeSnapshots] | [![Discord][Badge-Discord]][Link-Discord] |

ZIO Memcached is a type-safe, performant, ZIO native Memcached client.

> The client is still a work-in-progress. Watch this space!

# Documentation

Learn more on the [ZIO Memcached Microsite](https://zio.github.io/zio-memcached/)!

# Contributing

[Documentation for contributors](https://zio.github.io/zio-memcached/docs/about/about_contributing)

## Code of Conduct

See the [Code of Conduct](https://zio.github.io/zio-memcached/docs/about/about_coc)

## Support

Come chat with us on [![Badge-Discord]][Link-Discord].

# License

[License](LICENSE)

[Badge-CI]: https://github.com/zio/zio-memcached/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[Badge-Discord]: https://img.shields.io/discord/629491597070827530?logo=discord
[Badge-SonatypeReleases]: https://img.shields.io/nexus/r/https/oss.sonatype.org/dev.zio/zio-memcached_2.12.svg
[Badge-SonatypeSnapshots]: https://img.shields.io/nexus/s/https/oss.sonatype.org/dev.zio/zio-memcached_2.12.svg
[Link-Discord]: https://discord.gg/2ccFBr4
[Link-SonatypeReleases]: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/releases/dev/zio/zio-memcached_2.12/
[Link-SonatypeSnapshots]: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/dev/zio/zio-memcached_2.12/
[Stage]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Project%20Stage-Experimental-yellow.svg
[Stage-Page]: https://github.com/zio/zio/wiki/Project-Stages

Commit message:

Give credit to ZIO Redis by Dejan Mijic

README.md, after:

# ZIO Memcached

| Project Stage | CI | Release | Snapshot | Discord |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Project stage][Stage]][Stage-Page] | ![CI][Badge-CI] | [![Release Artifacts][Badge-SonatypeReleases]][Link-SonatypeReleases] | [![Snapshot Artifacts][Badge-SonatypeSnapshots]][Link-SonatypeSnapshots] | [![Discord][Badge-Discord]][Link-Discord] |

ZIO Memcached is a type-safe, performant, ZIO native Memcached client.

> The client is still a work-in-progress. Watch this space!

[ZIO Redis](https://github.com/zio/zio-redis/) by Dejan Mijic inspired this project. Instead of starting from scratch, I forked ZIO Redis and transformed it into a Memcached client.

# Documentation

Learn more on the [ZIO Memcached Microsite](https://zio.github.io/zio-memcached/)!

# Contributing

[Documentation for contributors](https://zio.github.io/zio-memcached/docs/about/about_contributing)

## Code of Conduct

See the [Code of Conduct](https://zio.github.io/zio-memcached/docs/about/about_coc)

## Support

Come chat with us on [![Badge-Discord]][Link-Discord].

# License

[License](LICENSE)

[Badge-CI]: https://github.com/zio/zio-memcached/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[Badge-Discord]: https://img.shields.io/discord/629491597070827530?logo=discord
[Badge-SonatypeReleases]: https://img.shields.io/nexus/r/https/oss.sonatype.org/dev.zio/zio-memcached_2.12.svg
[Badge-SonatypeSnapshots]: https://img.shields.io/nexus/s/https/oss.sonatype.org/dev.zio/zio-memcached_2.12.svg
[Link-Discord]: https://discord.gg/2ccFBr4
[Link-SonatypeReleases]: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/releases/dev/zio/zio-memcached_2.12/
[Link-SonatypeSnapshots]: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/dev/zio/zio-memcached_2.12/
[Stage]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Project%20Stage-Experimental-yellow.svg
[Stage-Page]: https://github.com/zio/zio/wiki/Project-Stages
